Some initial thoughts. I recognize some hallmarks of language model in the writing. There is nothing inherently wrong with this, other than I find LLM paper writing to be too verbose at times. Examples of language that I would remove. Here are some examples of nice-sounding but ultimately empty sentences and clauses that unnecessarily lengthen the paper:
This limitation is not primarily an algorithmic shortcoming; it reflects the limited reference information available in retrospective EHR data
not because the field has been methodologically incautious, but because no better evidence base exists

My recommendation is to review the paper with an eye for these and delete them generously to make the paper more concise. I'll try to do that as I read along.

I think this is a great paper and the framing is well done. Definitely worth publishing. The main limitation is that the experiments are run on benchmarking data. I think without real clinical data or some prospective clinical validation, we are limited in the journals we can pursue. It is a fairly technical paper, so I wouldn't recommend a clinical journal. I would defer to Zak if he has other journal suggestions. I think this is a good fit for a technical conference. I know PSB is coming up and has a paper deadline Aug 3. So perhaps that? I know also of Journal of Biomedical Informatics as a more methods-focused journal in my field. That could also be a good fit.

I really like the framing. The language needs some revising to be readable to clinical audience.

Might be my lack of technical expertise, but I was not really able to understand Methods 2.1 - 2.7 as it is written. This can be an issue if you submit to a journal or conference where you get a physician reviewer like myself.

Zak, Joon, were you able to follow that? I think the way that the methods are described may need to be simplified.

For 3.2, ROC curve may be better fit for summarizing threshold sensitivity sweep in addition to or rather than the table and figures currently there

For 3.3, I am surprised the 10% rule would yield a 27% alert rate. That is certainly not my personal experience with the EHR. We should double check the rule. I wonder if it is 10% rule only applies if the previous visit occurred during a certain period of time? I'll run some tests on our Epic to see what triggers the erroring. This requires further investigation.

Lucy or Joon, do we have the distribution of height deltas? 
